Mixxx 2.5 announcement (#373)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/XXXX-XX-XX-mixxx-2_5-released .md

tags: 2.5, release announcement
comments: yes
status: draft

#### All I want for DJ-ing is ...

Home alone? Scrooged? The sound of music? Die hard?
Change plans: this year you will be having something better to do than watching old Christmas movies.
Mixxx is now your secret "Santa comin' to town", our elves had "good hearts with the burning desire to work hard",
to get you "Rockin' around the Christmas tree at the party hop" with "something mighty sweet to see".
"For the present, look high, not low": Mixxx's "presents 'neath the tree"

#### So this is the last goodbye ...

Important: OS-Support.
macOS versions earlier than 11 can have a "Last Christmas".
Windows versions earlier than version 10 build 1809 can be "Driving home for Christmas".
For Ubuntu versions earlier than 22.04 "Christmas Will Break Your Heart".
By stepping over from QT5 to QT6.5 Mixxx has to respect the minimum system requirements stated by QT for the official builds.
That's why the support has been dropped for macOS earlier than 11, Windows versions earlier then version 10 buikd 1889 and Ubuntu earlier then 22.04.

#### Let's cheer for the elves

Ho Ho Ho, our sleigh is filled with many shiny presents:

> * A red box filled with brand new waveform textures and features: 'SlipMode waveform' gives you visual aid
> while scratchin', the 'beats until next marker' helps you never missing the break, the GL ES support makes it
> run smooth and many more...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A red box filled with improvements to waveforms: 'SlipMode waveform' gives you visual aid
while scratchin', the 'beats until next marker' helps you never missing the break, the GL ES support makes it
run smooth and many more...

```

* "Santa Tell Me" what's new in preferences: some improved layout, the fetching of the soundcard's sample rate is fixed,
a new setting for 'first hotcue', multiple options can be selected in the MIDI input editor...
* Many "Days Of Christmas" full of improved Controller Mappings for Denon MC7000, Numark Scratch, Pioneer DDJ-FLX4, Traktor Kontrol S4 MK3 and MIDI for light.
* A Controller Backend as a "Fairytale of New York" to map your controller: sysex, deck's track menu, support for bulk devices,
drop of lodash dependency...
* The experimental QML Skin is a "Player’s Ball", an appetizer for the future GUI of Mixxx.
* QT5 will Be Home For Christmas because Mixxx is using [QT6](https://www.qt.io/product/qt6) now, a lot of work has been put
in study, preparation, testing, upgrading procedures, adapting routines, dialogs, widgets, libraries.
Upgrading to QT6 wasn't just sitting "underneath the Mistletoe" but now Mixxx is in "Winter Wonderland".
"Thank you Santa" Developers!
* "Feliz" iOs & WebAssembly: experiments are on-going to run Mixxx on iOs and in a Webbrowser.
* So many rafactorings have been made, improvements of the code by progressive insight, because of new

> possibilities in c++ and QT, because of studies in acoustics, user experiences...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possibilities in C++ and QT, because of studies in acoustics, user experiences...

```

title: Mixxx 2.5 Release Announcement
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: 2.5, release announcement
comments: yes
status: draft

#### All I want for DJ-ing is ...

Home alone? Scrooged? The sound of music? Die hard?
Change plans: this year you will be having something better to do than watching old Christmas movies.
Mixxx is now your secret "Santa comin' to town", our elves had "good hearts with the burning desire to work hard",
to get you "Rockin' around the Christmas tree at the party hop" with "something mighty sweet to see'.
"For the present, look high, not low": Mixxx's "presents 'neath the tree"

#### So this is the last goodbye ...

Important: OS-Support.

> macOS versions earlier than 11 can have a "Last Christmas".
> Windows versions earlier than version 10 build 1809 can be "Driving home for Christmas".
> For Ubunto versions earlier than 22.04 "Christmas Will Break Your Heart".

Reviewer 2: Metaphors are fine for entertainment value, but we should not rely on them exclusively for conveying information. 
```suggestion
macOS versions earlier than 11 can have a "Last Christmas".
Windows versions earlier than version 10 build 1809 can be "Driving home for Christmas".
For Ubuntu versions earlier than 22.04 "Christmas Will Break Your Heart".
Unfortunately support for all this version has been dropped for Mixxx 2.5 due to <insert explanation here>. 
```
